'\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH zeya 1 2009-10-19 "" ""
.SH NAME
zeya \- a web music server
.SH SYNOPSIS
'nh
.fi
.ad l
\fBzeya\fR \kx
.if (\nx>(\n(.l/2)) .nr x (\n(.l/5)
'in \n(.iu+\nxu
[-h | --help] [--backend=\fIbackend\fR] [--path=\fIpath\fR] [-b | --bitrate=\fIbitrate\fR] [-p | --port=\fIport\fR] [--basic_auth_file=\fIfile\fR]
'in \n(.iu-\nxu
.ad b
'hy
.SH DESCRIPTION
Zeya is a streaming music server that brings your music to any
computer with a web browser. It reads your music library, lets you
browse your files, and streams them on demand.
.PP
The client runs entirely in the browser using the HTML5 draft standard
technologies (no plugins or external players are needed).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-h\fR\*(T>, \*(T<\fB\-\-help\fR\*(T>
Display help.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-\-backend\fR\*(T>
Specify the backend to use.
.RS 
.TP 
dir
Read a directory's contents recursively (default). See
\*(T<\fB\-\-path\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
rhythmbox
Read from current user's Rhythmbox library.
.RE
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-\-path\fR\*(T>
Directory in which to look for music. Use with
\*(T<\fB\-\-backend\fR\*(T>=dir. (default: ./)
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-b\fR\*(T>, \*(T<\fB\-\-bitrate\fR\*(T>
Specify the bitrate for output streams, in kbps. (default:
64)
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-p\fR\*(T>, \*(T<\fB\-\-port\fR\*(T>
Listen for requests on the specified port. (default: 8080)
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-\-basic_auth_file\fR\*(T>
Require basic HTTP authentication and only allow users named in the
specified file. The file should be in \fBhtpasswd\fR
format.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Zeya was written by Phil Sung and Samson Yeung and is licensed
under the terms of the GNU Affero GPL license, version 3 or later.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\*(T<\fI/usr/share/doc/zeya/README\fR\*(T>
.PP
\*(T<\fI/usr/share/doc/zeya/TODO\fR\*(T>
